# CST8132 Assignment #-2 -Activity Planer 2.0
This was my second assignment I created in my "Object-Oriented Programming" course at Algonquin College. Written in Java, the program functions as an upgraded form of the activity planner I created in the previous assignment. This assignment builds on the previous in that some more classes were added: Meeting to add a meeting location, Work to add how long a shift at work will be, Social to add a social event, Assignment to indicate when an assignment is due, and ValidData to help ensure String input contains integers. The program functions the same as before: users can add an activity to their planner by specifying the date (month, day, and year), time (hour and minute), and a description of the activity. The activities are held in an array of the Event class. Users can display acitivites for one day, for a week, or delete an activity. A maximum of 1000 activities can be added.

This program built on my knowledge of object-oriented programming and forced me to think about how to validate data. I had to use Strings as input and check if the input contains integers without using "try" and "catch" blocks. To accomplish this, I created the ValidData class that simply has one boolean method where it looks through the String and checks if each individual character is an integer. If an integer is not found, then the boolean returns "false" and the user has to re-enter a valid String.

I enjoyed writing this program because as mentioned above I had to think about how data validation works and it introduced me to inheritance as the Meeting, Work, Social, and Assignment class all inherit from the Event class.
